[MTM-63605] Add documentaiton for the new preview feature functionality (#3462)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/get-familiar-with-the-ui/user-settings.md

- The ID of your tenant, which might be required if you request support. Click the clipboard icon next to the tenant ID to copy it to the clipboard.
- Version information for the deployed components. For information on the version numbers of the different components, click the **Download platform details** button and then open the downloaded JSON file.

#### Preview features {#preview-features}

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

> To see the **Preview features** menu section, you must have ADMIN permission for the "Tenant management" permission type or be the first admin user created in the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see the **Preview features** section, you must have ADMIN permission for the "Tenant management" permission type or be the first admin user created in the tenant.
```

For easier user access management, the above permission(s) are/is included in the global role(s) created by default in every new tenant:
- Tenant manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules.
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

> When a new preview feature becomes available, the user settings icon in the top right corner of the interface will flash to draw your attention. Preview features can be easily enabled for your user through the Beta features modal in the user settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> #### Beta features {#beta-features}
> 
> {{< c8y-admon-req >}}
> ROLES & PERMISSIONS:
> 
> To see the **Beta features** menu section, you must have ADMIN permission for the "Tenant management" permission type or be the first admin user created in the tenant.
> 
> For easier user access management, the above permission(s) are/is included in the global role(s) created by default in every new tenant:
> - Tenant manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules.
> {{< /c8y-admon-req >}}
> 
> When a new beta feature becomes available, the user settings icon in the top right corner of the interface will flash to draw your attention. Beta features can be easily enabled for your user through the Beta features modal in the user settings. 
> These previews allow early access to upcoming capabilities so you can explore and provide feedback before general release.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
#### Preview features {#preview-features}

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

To see the **Preview features** menu section, you must have ADMIN permission for the "Tenant management" permission type or be the first admin user created in the tenant.

For easier user access management, the above permission(s) are/is included in the global role(s) created by default in every new tenant:
- Tenant manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules.
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

When a new preview feature becomes available, the user settings icon in the top right corner of the interface will flash to draw your attention. Preview features can be easily enabled for your user through the Beta features modal in the user settings. 
These previews allow early access to upcoming capabilities so you can explore and provide feedback before general release.

```

> These previews allow early access to upcoming capabilities so you can explore and provide feedback before general release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. 

When a new preview feature becomes available, the user icon at the top right corner flashes to draw your attention. 
```

- The ID of your tenant, which might be required if you request support. Click the clipboard icon next to the tenant ID to copy it to the clipboard.
- Version information for the deployed components. For information on the version numbers of the different components, click the **Download platform details** button and then open the downloaded JSON file.

#### Preview features {#preview-features}

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

To see the **Preview features** section, you must have ADMIN permission for the "Tenant management" permission type or be the first admin user created in the tenant.

For easier user access management, the above permission(s) are/is included in the global role(s) created by default in every new tenant:
- Tenant manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules.
{{< /c8y-admon-req >}}

> The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming features.

Author: ```suggestion
The Preview Features functionality allows you to manage all features currently in Public Preview for a specific application. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming features.```

> The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming features.
```

> The preview features functionality allows you to manage all features that are currently in Public Preview in one place. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming functionality. 

Reviewer 2: "in one place" - probably good to indicate that it's per application - you may see different preview features in e.g. Cockpit and Administration

Author: Updated

> The Preview Features functionality allows you to manage all features currently in Public Preview for a specific application. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming features.```

Author: ```suggestion
The Preview Features functionality allows you to manage all features currently in Public Preview for a specific application. With a simple toggle interface, you can easily discover, enable, and experiment with upcoming features.
```
